ContentMigrationBatch#S2WD (#7458)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/blog/loading-wasm/index.md

compilation](https://v8.dev/blog/v8-release-65), the browser can already
start to compile the WebAssembly module while the module bytes are still downloading. Since download
and compilation happen in parallel, this is faster — especially for large payloads.

<figure>
{% Img src="image/T4FyVKpzu4WKF1kBNvXepbi08t52/Y1FWFpD7bgeWaN95dXdL.png", alt="When the download time is
longer than the compilation time of the WebAssembly module, then WebAssembly.compileStreaming()
finishes compilation almost immediately after the last bytes are downloaded.", width="800", height="387" %}
</figure>

To enable this optimization, use `WebAssembly.compileStreaming` instead of `WebAssembly.compile`.
This change also allows us to get rid of the intermediate array buffer, since we can now pass the
`Response` instance returned by `await fetch(url)` directly.

```js
(async () => {
  const response = await fetch('fibonacci.wasm');
  const module = await WebAssembly.compileStreaming(response);
  const instance = await WebAssembly.instantiate(module);
  const result = instance.exports.fibonacci(42);
  console.log(result);
})();
```

> Note: The server must be configured to serve the `.wasm` file with the correct MIME type by sending
> the `Content-Type: application/wasm` header. In previous examples, this wasn’t necessary since we
> were passing the response bytes as an array buffer, and so no MIME type checking took place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
The server must be configured to serve the `.wasm` file with the correct MIME type by sending
the `Content-Type: application/wasm` header. In previous examples, this wasn’t necessary since we
were passing the response bytes as an array buffer, and so no MIME type checking took place.
{% endAside %}
```
